README.md, before:

# Scripts Repository 🚀

A collection of powerful scripts and codes tailored for web development and cybersecurity operations.

![Banner Image](./assets/hood.png)

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation & Usage](#installation--usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

This repository houses a curated collection of scripts I've developed and refined over time. Whether you're diving deep into web development or navigating the intricate world of cybersecurity, these tools are designed to streamline and enhance your workflow.

## Features

- **Web Development**:
  - Updated regularly
  - More descriptions coming soon

- **Cybersecurity**:
  - Updated regularly
  - More descriptions coming soon

... and many more!

## Installation & Usage

1. **Clone the Repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/cesarderio/Scripts.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Desired Script**:

   ```bash
   cd Scripts/path_to_script
   ```

3. **Run the Script**:

   ```bash
   ./script_name.sh
   ```

*> Note: PowerShell, Python, etc. scripts will be executed according to their respective conventions or guidelines.*

*> Note: Some scripts may require elevated permissions. Ensure you understand what the script does before using `sudo`.*

## Contributing

While this repository is primarily a personal collection, contributions or suggestions are always welcome. To contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b new-feature-branch`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add a new feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin new-feature-branch`).
6. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

adding and updating all Scripts directories and subdirectories

README.md, after:

# Scripts Repository 🚀

A collection of powerful scripts and codes tailored for web development and cybersecurity operations.

![Banner Image](./assets/hood.png)

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Directories](#directories)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation & Usage](#installation--usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

This repository houses a curated collection of scripts I've developed and refined over time. Whether you're diving deep into web development or navigating the intricate world of cybersecurity, these tools are designed to streamline and enhance your workflow.

## Directories

- **[Development Directory](./Development/)**: Contains programs, applications, and tools currently in development.
- **[Linux Bash Directory](./Linux_Bash/)**: Houses scripts tailored for Linux environments using the Bash shell.
- **[Mac Directory](./Mac/)**: Collection of scripts specifically designed for macOS.
- **[Python Directory](./Python/)**: For all things Python – be it scripts, tools, or other Python-based utilities.
- **[Windows Directory](./Windows/)**: A compilation of scripts, particularly those written in PowerShell, designed for Windows systems.

## Features

- **Web Development**:
  - Updated regularly
  - More descriptions coming soon

- **Cybersecurity**:
  - Updated regularly
  - More descriptions coming soon

... and many more!

## Installation & Usage

1. **Clone the Repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/cesarderio/Scripts.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Desired Script**:

   ```bash
   cd Scripts/path_to_script
   ```

3. **Run the Script**:

   ```bash
   ./script_name.sh
   ```

*> Note: PowerShell, Python, etc. scripts will be executed according to their respective conventions or guidelines.*

*> Note: Some scripts may require elevated permissions. Ensure you understand what the script does before using `sudo`.*

## Contributing

While this repository is primarily a personal collection, contributions or suggestions are always welcome. To contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b new-feature-branch`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add a new feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin new-feature-branch`).
6. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
