Bash/README.md, before:

# Linux Bash Scripts Directory 🖥️🐧

A collection of bash scripts tailored to simplify, automate, and enhance operations on Linux systems.

![Bash Banner Image](../assets/bash.png)

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Highlighted Scripts](#highlighted-scripts)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Overview

This directory comprises a variety of bash scripts designed for diverse functionalities on Linux. From setting up tools, checking domains, to system info retrieval, these scripts aim to make Linux operations seamless.

## Highlighted Scripts

Here are a few scripts that stand out:

- **Bash Chrome Installer**: Simplify the process of installing Google Chrome.
- **Bash Domain Checker**: Quickly check the status and details of a domain.
- **Bash Git Config**: Streamline the git configuration process.
- **Bash System Info Script**: Retrieve comprehensive system information at a glance.
- **Bash Lab PC Setup**: Ideal for setting up lab PCs with desired configurations.
- **Bash VirtualBox Install**: A hassle-free way to install VirtualBox.

More scripts are added regularly, so dive into the directory to explore them!

## Usage

1. **Clone the Repository** (If you haven't already):

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/cesarderio/Scripts.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Linux Bash Scripts Directory**:

   ```bash
   cd Scripts/Linux_Bash/
   ```

3. **Run the Desired Script**:

   ```bash
   ./script_name.sh
   ```

*> Note: Ensure you have the necessary permissions and understand the implications of a script before executing. Some scripts might require `sudo`.*

## Contributing

Your contributions can make these scripts even better:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b my-awesome-feature`).
3. Make your invaluable changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some amazing features'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-awesome-feature`).
6. Create a new Pull Request targeting the `Linux_Bash` directory.

Feedback, bug reports, and pull requests are always welcome on GitHub.

---

Cheers to efficient scripting on Linux! 🚀

Commit message:

updating SSH, RDP, sys_update, etc. bash scripts and adding sub directories and READMEs for each

Bash/README.md, after:

# Linux Bash Scripts Directory 🖥️🐧

A collection of bash scripts tailored to simplify, automate, and enhance operations on Linux systems.

![Bash Banner Image](../assets/bash.png)

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Highlighted Scripts](#highlighted-scripts)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Overview

This directory comprises a variety of bash scripts designed for diverse functionalities on Linux. From setting up tools, checking domains, to system info retrieval, these scripts aim to make Linux operations seamless.

## Highlighted Scripts

Here are a few scripts that stand out:

- **Bash Chrome Installer**: Simplify the process of installing Google Chrome.
- **Bash Domain Checker**: Quickly check the status and details of a domain.
- **Bash Git Config**: Streamline the git configuration process.
- **Bash Kill PID**: Easily view, manage and terminate runnning processes.
- **Bash SSH & RDP**: Quickly get SSH and RDP installed and configured on your machine.
- **Bash System Info Script**: Retrieve comprehensive system information at a glance.
- **Bash System Update**: Efficiently update, upgrade, and maintain Linux OS.
- **Bash Lab PC Setup**: Ideal for setting up lab PCs with desired configurations.
- **Bash VirtualBox Installer**: A hassle-free way to install VirtualBox.

More scripts are added regularly, so dive into the directory to explore them!

## Usage

1. **Clone the Repository** (If you haven't already):

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/cesarderio/Scripts.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Linux Bash Scripts Directory**:

   ```bash
   cd Scripts/Linux_Bash/
   ```

3. **Run the Desired Script**:

   ```bash
   ./script_name.sh
   ```

*> Note: Ensure you have the necessary permissions and understand the implications of a script before executing. Some scripts might require `sudo`.*

## Contributing

Your contributions can make these scripts even better:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b my-awesome-feature`).
3. Make your invaluable changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some amazing features'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-awesome-feature`).
6. Create a new Pull Request targeting the `Linux_Bash` directory.

Feedback, bug reports, and pull requests are always welcome on GitHub.

---

Cheers to efficient scripting on Linux! 🚀
